Add content in equality algorithms to JavaScript roadmap (#1977)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/105-javascript-equality-comparisons/100-equality-algorithms/101-is-strictly-equal.md

> # Is strictly equal
> 
> 
> [isStrictlyEqual](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Strict_equality) checks whether its two operands are equal, returning a `Boolean` resuult. It always considers operands of different types to be different.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Strict_equality'> Strictly Equality (===) Operator</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/comparison'>Comparsion</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# isStrictlyEqual

[isStrictlyEqual](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Strict_equality) checks whether its two operands are equal, returning a `Boolean` result. It always considers operands of different types to be different.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Strict_equality'> Strictly Equality (===) Operator</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/comparison'>Comparsion - javascript.info</BadgeLink>
```
